Okay, thank you everyone again, thank you delis, everyone. Welcome again, as I said already.
Welcome. Again, we are gathering here for one really purpose, to discussing a little bit of kind
of reminding to each other our practices, our heart-filled practices, and which is nothing but
loving-kindness, compassion, joy and appreciation, and to stay peaceful, peace and harmony. My soul
,
yours, everyone, we think that how to activate those beautiful qualities. We stay meaningful,
something rewarding in this life. Life is not long, supposed to be according to the teaching
of what everyone says. Not long, but well we are here, and as long as we are on this earth,
our responsibility to be happy, peaceful, make happy and peaceful others as much as we can.
Stay with that, and we spend a life with that. I think then we are quite good, really we are making
meaning of lives, not wasted time, and spoil the time of ours and others, all those who are
connected
to us. That's quite good. So for that reason, we are discussing, engaging, and exploring of the
teaching of our gracious teacher, Buddha Shakyamuni. This connective teaching is not just a kind of
accidental. According to Buddhism, it has so many beautiful reasons, causes on the behind the scene
that maybe we didn't really spot it very much, but it has so many beautiful causes and conditions,
and both situations. Not just only that, we have beautiful lives. We are all recently human beings,
quite okay human beings. This is also not just casual. According to Buddhism, life is precious,
particularly practitioners. Life of the practitioners is very, very precious. What is called
18 endowments? At freedoms, 10 luxuries. We have those who are here with us. These 18 endowments,
generally it is always with us as long as we live that, but the 10 luxuries,
many times it's fluctuating. You read, you reflect those, each of the luxuries.
Read and check up to ourselves, one's own self. My question, I'm going to check up,
check up how many of those luxuries I have now. Maybe we start all the 10 luxuries,
and then the time is moving. Well, along the time, maybe we really skipped quite a few of those
things,
fluctuated. If that is so, this is our responsibility to activate that, to bring that in the full
10, 10 luxuries. And with this thought, with those understandings, again, we're going to reflect
the
teaching of the greatest teacher of the Buddha Chakra Muni, and Gaurabha Sambhava. And for that
reason, again, we bring what? Joy and appreciation, and both each other, and the purity understands
.
Those are again, vital of our practice. Changing our motivation is foundational,
and keep that motivation where we practice it, it is central columns. And we keep continuing that,
it will bring the fruit, result of that, what we motivated, what we're thinking of that,
it really will bring that. So therefore, all those virtual motivations, intentions should activate
it,
and then we reflect the teaching. Today, we're reflecting, going through the teaching of the,
again, his teachings of his own Dhonya Rambhaji, heart advice to the fortunate ones.
That is what we're going again. This time, today, I'm going to conclude of these teachings, what we
're
going through this teaching. Slowly by slowly, exploring the meaning of each of those lines of
the world, and we went deep, many of those, really we went deep, even I never thought we will do
that.
But then it happened, we did, really deep. In a way, I feel happy with that. We went thoroughly,
very steadily, and went one after another, touching to the core of our greatest teaching,
brother Shakyamuni's teaching, or the teaching of lineage, and connecting that to our heart.
We heard all these things, what I said, these past years, and on this teaching, I'm sure you all
heard
that. But it's maybe, it's in the wake memories, not books, not books, or some kind of other place,
but we went through this, that one after another, we reflect our memories, some really, not maybe
all of you, but few of you, that we reflect our memories and understand our dharmas. And so that's
what, I'm very happy with that. And today, we're going to go to the last part of these teachings.
Last part of this teaching is, is then, as we discussed the other day, is generally, is the
ending of this teaching of the Hizam Dhanjirumurji, is the inner tantra teachings, inner tantra.
Inner tantra is Mahayoga teaching, Ano-yoga teaching, and Ati-yoga teachings. So it is the
inner tantras. All the very inner teachings are summarized into two, what's called two groups.
Those are known as visualization of the creation stage of practices, and completion stage of the
deserving practices. Those are two practices. And so here, what we went through, and which is
clearly, His Holiness Dhanjirumurji mentioned here, mentioned in this page two, in the middle
of the page two, said, "Lama and the Yadams are inseparable from one's own mind." So that means,
"Lama, Yadam, on Dakini, all is within our nature of the mind." That is the foundation. That is
what our mind represented embodies all of those Dakinis. Now, when you activate those
deities, or the gurus, or the Dakinis, then what is known as the development stages,
or the visualization, if I use a simple word, visualization stage is inseparable from one's
sorry, visualization stage meditating is all apparent to be empty as moon in the reflection
on the, in the waters. Visualization, as of course we all know, visualization is a complete stage,
what we call the developing creation stages, if I use the word creation stages, or visualization
stages. Most of the time we visualize, our self, we kind of focus on one's own self, isn't it
different from the Buddhas, or different enlightened stages, we visualize that. But here,
what is it? All the appearance, every appearance is enlightened status, every appearance.
So that means, all the poems are enlightened status. Bring up that realization,
maintain that is the visualizations. How that visualization is, as in the teaching said here,
reflection moon in the waters. It is just lucid status. That, how that is, we discussed the other
day, and many of you already know, what great teacher of Buddha said, "Poem is emptiness,
emptiness is the poem." So that means, the visualization is emptiness, emptiness is the
visualizations. That is what it is, the everything. So that means, whole universe, the world
is as a reflection moon in the waters. Whole universe is empty. That empty is an appearance
status. That is the purity status. What in the teaching, in the Gaurabhata says, "On the relative
truth, everything is pure." Relative truth, everything is a purity status. So that means,
five aggregators are the five dying of the Buddha, five elements are the five female Buddhas,
every combination, those other element is our divine medallas. There's nothing else besides
enlightenment. So that all enlightenment, that is in purity, pure status, everything is enlightened
status. And now, that, how that is on the absolute level. Then they say, reflection in the moon in
the
water is all empty. What do you see? What do you think? What do you hear? Or what we hear? What we
see? What do we think? It's never separated from the emptiness. It's all within that status. Of
course, you know, you know this. All, we heard this so many times, in some degree also we went
analytically, this is all, that is what it is. And he's going to discuss later too, here. So we
told that. And then, same thing here, he said, next one is, second is, all the sound, sound,
verbal, verbal communications, sound, verbal communication, everything is sound emptiness.
That sound emptiness is known as mantras, divine voice. Mantra, which means protecting the deluded
mind. World syllable that protects the deluded minds, or protecting that. So everything is a
mantra. When you have the realization of everything is purely the status. There is no
selected mantras. All is mantras. All is divine sounds. Everything is enlightened status.
Whole universe is enlightened status. So what is a selected guru of the mantras,
this and that things. This is, we is vastness, the we, we, e, i, w, that our we is vast.
It's not limited, not restricted. The pervasives, every form is enlightened. Every sound is
something enlightened. How that happened? Then here he only says, the next one said, all of this.
Third one, all this, all this is the display of the one's own single awareness,
dharmata, the true natures. Why all that is enlightened status? Because everything is a
display of the dharmatas. Dharmata means true nature or the great emptiness. Dharmata is also
means the, what's called the dharmadhatu, true natures, absolute status, great emptiness,
mother of all the Buddhas. That is what really referring of this dharmatas. And where is that
dharmata we to discover that? According to Zokki teaching here, I mean started Zokki teachings,
started is all from the, our own mind, our rukma, our mind, mind, nature of the mind.
Nature of the mind and the deluded mind is different. This time talking nature of our,
or each of our mind, is embodiment of tirikayas, is in the tirikaya status.
And that is of course, many of you received the teaching you all know.
Emptiness aspect of the nature of the mind or emptiness aspect of the rukma,
if I use it to be the word rukma, is dharmakaya, the absolute forms. And clarity aspect of the
nature of the mind or the rukma is the sambokaya, the form of the richness.
Sambokaya is the luxurious body, luxurious form or luxurious, all the luxurious clarities. And
the display aspect of the movement or the display aspect of the nature of the mind is
the nirmakaya that we heard. This is the ordinary tirikaya.
Our nature of the mind is ordinal trikayas status. When it is reflected that the ordinal trikaya
externally, then this is called the reflection of the trikayas, reflections of the trikayas.
That our dharmakaya of the nature of the mind when it is reflected, it is known as space.
S-P-A-C-E, space, is a reflection of our dharmakaya mind,
externally, space. This movement or sorry clarity aspect of the nature of the mind when it is
reflected, that is known as the sound, sound emptiness, sound. When the nirmakaya aspect of
our nature of the mind is reflected externally, all those are known as poems.
So what else then, as I mentioned a few times and you all know, there is nothing else in this world
besides poem, song, space, all space, song, and poems. That is reflection of the our own
nature of the mind or the rukba according to zoki point of views. In that level,
as His Holiness, we said here, the revitalization aspect of the reflection moon in the water
and sound system of the emptiness of the mantra is all display of our own awareness. True nature,
nature of the mind. Visualization is a display of our own mind and sound system of the mantra
is a display of our own natural mind. Therefore, there is nothing else
beside display of the our own nature of the mind or the tirikayas. For that reason,
great master Lung Himba said in his teachings that everything is reflected from the dharmadhatu
or the dharmakayas, dharmadhatus or dharmadhatu. Everything is reflected from dharmadhatu.
There is nothing single object existing that which is not reflected from the dharmakaya.
What that dharmakaya is talking about? We are not talking dharmakaya of someone else.
We are talking to our individualists. Our is all our environment. My environment, for example,
my individually, my environment, everything is really display reflection of my own dharmakaya
nature, nature of the mind, my own dharmakaya, my own mind. There's nothing else beside that.
So everything is reflected from the from these dharmatas. And how what great master Lung Himba said
is this reflection of what you see externally. It's like ornament, ornament of our great awareness.
Ornament or it is a luxury of our awareness mind. It's all
luxury. When this like when this luxury ornament or this when our mind or the dharmadhatu is
reflected in the in the in the externally lead as the poem systems, then all these universes,
our environment is appeared appeared. It is like it is a display of the poems of the our
awareness minds. When sound systems are everything what is heard what you see is then sound system
display, luxury display of our minds. And then as well as our all thought and the conceptions,
whatever we may have, all is luxury display of our again, nature of the mind or the request.
Reality even you see all this display everywhere and so many things, nothing is moved or nothing
is changed out of the dharmadhatus or out with true natures. Everything is within that natural
status,
dharmadhatu status. So that is the really the how everything for that reason, here,
here all this is display of one's own single awareness, dharmata, the true natures. There is
nothing else is existed. So this is order to get these realizations. Of course, we are discussing
a little bit of kind of intellectual level or like in reading the books that but when you got
going to bring this realization that intellectual idea, you have to bring to realization or your
your own really see vividly as it is, order to that, then we have to follow all the instructions
as we received, such as with the with the Mundo practices, rafujis, developing bodhisattvas,
medulla offerings, and such as vajasato practices, gurugyoga practice, those all really have to be
followed according to instructions. Once those are completed and then you put another practice
as zoki teaching received. Then zoki teaching, of course, you all know we all heard this is
highest teaching of the greatest teacher of the bodhisattva communities. Highest teaching,
the most profound teachings. Why is the highest teachings? This in the teaching say there's two
reasons, principal two reasons. One is zoki practices don't need effort.
It's effortless practices. Second is reason, this is the all the other teachings of the bodhisattva
that means all the according nine yana teachings. Until the zoki ati, all yanas, all the teachings
are teachings are designed to help to the conceptions. Help to the conception to the
conceptions. What that means? Concepcion to the conceptions. And what the in Gaurbattantara said,
in the teaching said, as long as the conception existing, that long Buddha gave the teaching to
dispel conception teaching to discipline the conceptions or to tame t-a-m-e tame the conceptions.
So that means it's all teachings are best on the conceptions to help to the conceptions.
How that is, for example, if I say, when we heard the received the teaching of the impermanent,
teaching of the impermanent is the conceptions.
What is helping? What is taming? Taming of the permanent notions, permanent conceptions.
Taming, the permanent conceptions. When we heard the teaching of the bodhisattva,
I'm talking related to the bodhisattva, relative bodhisattva. What is at the bodhisattva, relative
bodhisattva is teaching of the conceptions. But what is helping? It will tame the conception of
the ego clinging or self-important. Self-important is taming self-importance. When we received the
teaching of the visualizations, what is does? It is its conceptions of visualization, its
conceptions.
That's what is also named creation stages, creation, C-R-E-A-T-I-O-N, I think creations.
Who is creating? One's own mind and following the instructions. But what that will help
is at that conception, the creation of taming is the only mundane, regimented conceptions.
Creation stage, when we do the visualization, how flexible? When we're talking about the three
samadhis, emanating, transforming, this and that, it's all just kind of almost like rolling.
Almostly it is, what's it called, like waves and tides and ripples and just changing one
upon another, totally flexible. But our regiment only the conception is a regiment. It's a
conception but regiment. Where is kind of fixed mind? Single pointed mind, this have to be this,
this have to be that. Where are we making that? It's all in the brain, all in the conception.
There is no different compartment of this, fixing that, fixing that, fixing. It's all made up
our mind. Ask ourselves if it's true or not. We mixed, fixed out those things. None of those,
they couldn't, couldn't, those fixations, none of those came when we was born.
All that fired up, one after another, just fired up one after, become, then this and that and that,
also they can't really become so many elaborated ones. But reality is conception. Visualization
is, then it's very flexible, dynamic and open. It means though conception, it's changing the
structure of the long running of our habit patterns. Really it's kind of completely undermining.
Many times people practice and they think, oh it's kind of scary.
Scary, sometimes they sit. But who is scared again? It's conception. Where is that scary existing,
analytically, counter physically level, which somebody ask, where that existing?
Everything, nothing, is all bubbles in the spaces of the mind, mind.
So therefore, until the zouki teaching is, is helping to the conception, conception
help to the conceptions. Zouki is not conceptions, according to you. One, you really recognize the
nature of the mind, moment is introduced by the teachers and you click to that nature.
That is the absolute existence. It's not conception. It's out of the freedom, free from the
conceptions. For that reason, zouki is, is the built practice of the beyond the conceptions.
So that reason, reason, one of that, that is one reason, therefore this is the highest teaching.
There's no need, effort said. Effort is of course very important.
But ultimately, when we are making effort, it's again structural.
Structural, it is making up things, making up things. For those reasons, what in the teaching
said, my great master, in one of his teaching said, don't, don't contrived, don't contrived,
don't corrupt, and don't contrived your own mind. Don't grasping, don't grasping to one's own mind.
If you contrived, it will stir up the dusting of the mind. But if you relax, mind will bring the
refined pristine qualities in mind. Therefore, don't contrived or don't make any effort.
Don't try to make something. Just relax. Be is this. Carefree, those all in zouki teaching said,
once it reach. For that reason, zouki, generally there's two zouki. So when we come to the zouki
practice, these two zouki, tikku practices of the zouki and toga practice of the zouki that you all
know to practice. But regularly, this tikku practice is known as the practicing of the casual,
relaxed, calm, peacefully, be in that natural status, without any contraptioning, without
trying to do anything. So when you got these realizations, then the all is within the display,
within the display of the true nature, what's called all this display of one's own single
evenness, dharmata in the true nature. So that means all this nature, form, sound, and as well
as smell, taste, all the display of the all five senses, as well as object of five senses,
everything
within the natural state. There's nothing else outside. And be relaxing in that natural status.
When you have that realization of the true naturals of one's own awareness, there is nothing to be
really what that going to help or what that going to hurt me. All is just completely pleased. There
's
nothing, none of those exist at all that within that space, dharmata. Then all is not really even
that is. And is the code that is called then for that reason, so called nirvana and samsara
is the labels, is the label of the conceptions. There's in again, there's not none of those
existing on the absolute levels or this true nature of the nature of the mind's mind. And
therefore, this hops and peers is all is just the names. Now, in that according then generated in
the Buddha's teaching or in the Buddhist practice, we hoping for the nirvanas, we can't really
trying
to be skipped from the samsaras. So this hop and a samsara, hop and peer is really the generally
fundamental cause of the of the samsara and the nirvanas. But when you have got the realization of
the true nature of our own mind, then this hop and peers are completely kind of like no
meanings, no substantial existing is all, just only the names. And when you recognize the
ordinary inherited wisdom as it is, and that is then again, of course, when you recognize the
ordinary inherited your wisdom, which means your our own nature of the mind. When you recognize
that in order to recognize those in a minute, zokki teaching and other teachings, how that
mentioned. And firstly, discovered what is mind and because mind is so important to all of us,
ask what is really mind and those old instructions it and the teachings we applied and particularly
such as like, where mind come from, where is mind now, where mind goes, kind of taking of all this
about the mind in three different ways. When you see there is not none of those really, you have
any answers. Then what is mind? What left out? There's nothing that you can we can tell pinpoint.
When you according the teaching, when you reach to that point, it surely really you are beholding
the nature of the mind, you are beholding, you are seeing the glimpse of the how the mind is.
When we reach the speechless status, when we ask those questions, what mind in the past,
what mind is now, what mind is the future. When you ask to myself or to our self,
what answer we have, there's no answers, according to Buddha's teaching, although great master's.
We reach to the speechless status. That moment almost we can see what when we join the heart
subtle practice at the beginning, inexpressible, inconceivable, that we really experiencing that
inexpressible, inconceivable. We can't see anything. That is nature of the mind, according to the
teaching. But together there's precious realizations. Of course, according to the teaching, we have
to
have good those like foundations of the merits, accumulation merits, all those really do as much
as we with devotion, bodhicata, and that all will activate it. When you have that realization,
then what in the teachings you said that the teacher or the when you receive the introduction
of the introduction or the pointing out the instructions of the nature of the mind, when
you really recognize that nature of the mind, now what how you have to maintain in the according
to the teaching, you will maintain that or maintain or meditate that really three immovable ways.
Those three immovable ways, immovable of the body, immovable of our senses, immovable of our
awareness, immovable ways. Three immovable ways will maintain meditate that. When we get that
with that meditation, how we do our conduct. Conduct in the teaching is through the liberating
conduct. Liberating as it arises, not analyzing, not following the law differently, even this,
but all mental even this, and liberating right at his own dungeon, which he said here too.
Sit here and in the in following lines here, if through arising, if toward arising, let them come
and let be self-liberated, self-liberating that, that, so self-liberated. So this means how, how
this
is actually, I said again maybe I just go one more again. So when you recognize the origin
inherited
in the wisdom as it is, whether this through the instructions of the teachings or through the
interpreting out the teachings of the qualified teachers, when you recognize that nature of the
mind, then there's nothing to do. Continue to maintain that nature status. He said that activity
will only add delusion. So there's nothing else to do, nothing else particularly really to perform
any effort length, just relaxing in that natural status. As I said just now, just say that and
relaxing with three movable, three immovable ways. Relaxing body, relaxing sense, relaxing mind,
that tenuous. And what do you need according to the teaching? Keep the mindfulness, mindfulness of
the very gentle mindfulness if I translate it or otherwise in the teaching said mindfulness of,
mindfulness of the ordinary natures. Relax, this is not also trying to watch,
our thought is not watching someone else. But just relax, relax, be aware, maybe I will use the
word
aware, be aware, relax in a natural status. That is, relax. And then when that happens, any thought
during that time comes, any thoughts come, let that go, freely hears it. Let stay naked mind,
naked awareness. Our mind, our awareness, the ordinary awareness is naked. That means it's
fresh. This is not cover up anything. Let it go as it is without analyzing, without holding
anything
or any letters. Let it go, let it go. When you're able to do that, then everything becomes
meditation. Everything becomes as natural status. So there is no kind of division between
meditating and not meditating. It's also all name. Reality you are or we are in a natural status,
natural state without covered up by the delusions or deluded by the delusions.
And during that time, whatever thoughts arising, let that thought arising, whatever it is arising,
don't prevent thoughts, hears it. Let that come thoughts. But as it comes, naturally as it comes,
you also let it go, naturally, without analyzing. As wind comes in the sky,
wind comes, wind goes. Just let as it is. It's the blowing energy of the mind, thoughts are
blowing energy of mind or another word in the teaching said it is display of the nirmakayas.
Those all let it come, let it go, but you relax or we relax on the present state of the nature of
the
mind. Relax. Then, if it's not towards arising, let also be that state. You don't have to do
anything. Be relaxed. During that time, any kind of like those errors of the of the meditator,
meditation is what in teaching said here. Here, topper and skater in mind. Topper and skater.
Those are the errors of the meditation. Those are also comes naturally. It's nothing that we made
any efforts or anything that, but when that those comes, again, immediately trying to be aware of
that situation. So where f is is like topper or sinking mind. Sinking mind. Yeah, topper or the
sinking mind. Saying is intubated word means sinking mind or it also means means it is really
become mind, become all kind of like dull, dull, sleepy and just a poggy and the kind of like
almost no clarity. That is sinking. Sinking. So if that happened, that is the obstacles of the
meditation and as well as also skated mind and kind of completely restless. Just one after another
towards the coming. This is so kind of more rapidly one after another disturbing our meditation.
Both are errors of the meditation. So trying to moment if they're coming whether it is sinking,
whether it's a skater and trying to take care of that. How to take care of those? In the teaching
said, sinking mind, you try raise up your awareness more on the high kind of on the head
or even kind of like looking. Raise up your consciousness. At the same time, you can also
look eyes a little bit up in the sky and widely open wide eyes. Relax that and also you can do
maybe if you are alone can do breathing for a particular exercise or exhale strongly.
Increasing, increasing the of the devotions and bodhicata. Reflecting strongly bodhicata.
May all living be self-happiness and the cause of happiness. Maybe they free from the sufferings
or cause of suffering. Really strongly think reflecting the meaning that to those worlds
and joining that all strong feeling of the richness, preciousness and the devotions
to the buddha dharma sangha, to the lineage, all my lives. Or reflecting sometimes to the
like in permanent. Life is in permanent. But how lucky I am. I'm still here. I'm practicing.
I'm helping. I'm doing good things. Can't bring those attitudes for a few moments. It will help
with the sinking mind. And it will help without those my mental activity will help with those
skater minds. It will really settle down our minds. It will help both. And then
so those are the we need those immediately here said said here that if the port of the
meditation topples and skater should arise dispelled and them on the spot. So that means
just immediately right there take care and let that go and take care. When that when you do
those things what is then it will come all the the what's called then it will bring the
perfect clarity. Perfect clarity of the nature of the mind and that is which is known as when
clear light pervades both night and day without any interruption. So that means now you those
practitioner can maintain our zokki status or awareness status day and the night is night is
during the daytime you maintain continually that awareness and the request status in the nighttime.
Also you go with that with that meditation over that status and that is known as day merging the
day and the night in the clay light status. So what that clay light state is then everything
become as enlightened states of the three guys as we're talking early that dharma kaya sambokaya
state of nature of the mind all is really become in that status and that moment when you reach
reach that status that is then also the result of the enlightenment that is it's enlightenment
when you reach that status and then there is nothing do we have to wait waiting result for
the future is then how wonderful that is that there is no need to hope to result in the future
lives and so that so here is it please practice diligently in this way as as mentioned to you all
and thus written by writing and sent by the right he dodgy so that is breathe talks all the summ
aries
of these teachings and again what is this teaching we mentioned what his own dungeon which
mentioned
here here say this as i said early many times is the condensed really teaching of the entire
buddha buddha's teaching how to practices practices and buddha teaching is generally
big and very deep what's called almost 35 years what 45 years teachings
buddha give 45 years teachings and those teachings are really so many but we summarize all those
teaching for the practitioners for the simple way this is what the really teaching is this is the
great master his own dungeon which even teaching and here i said i sent to here said to the
portioner ones i give this instructions so this portion that means who they are we all are
fortunate ones we all connected to these teachings we all connected to teaching of the buddha shakt
amuni
and we are truly fortunate ones we are and therefore to make our such a fortunate one
we are fortunate one therefore even to make more fortunate and put this practice to the heart
and that is what and he said to to make the simple way what in the teaching often said
simple way to make the meaning of our own spiritual lives meaningful spiritual lives
and his whole dungeon we said one of these in his teachings the the the everything you didn't
reach highest realization highest realization it is life but if we leave this world when we leave
this world without any regrets and we leave this song with with happy happy peaceful kind of if we
leave that actually even his whole dungeon would say that is good result that is good leave with
this world with happy content that is sign of the good practitioners really if we leave this world
with a regret and disappointment then that is not good so therefore at least and for that reason
he will give the instructions of the how to take rafu and then we went through all the rafu
practices
we went both together we went six parama das we extended that and then he his own the unit
highlight portrayals of the all the practitioners portrayals and so those portrayals if we had
those
portrayals or richness we will be always reach of the practice our practice will be ever last
can we ever pressure lasting fresh fresh and strong energetic and always really advancing
that we don't have to be disappointed ourselves feel bad we will be so happy this practice will
will really keep our mind more healthy physical more healthy and then not just ours but it also
some degree we can help to the others others so nice and very peaceful very natural levels to
to help to that so this is so important and special of course generally all but are teaching
but this instruction is very simple and directed and so that's what we completed and thank you very
much everyone for your participation and we kind of complete the 10 cookie thank you very much
everyone